joan found 70 seashells on the beach. she gave sam some of her seashells. she has 27 seashell left. how many seashells did she give to sam ?
there were 28 bales of hay in the barn. tim stacked more bales in the barn today. there are now 54 bales of hay in the barn. how many bales did he store in the barn ?
mary is baking a cake. the recipe wants 8 cups of flour. she already put in 2 cups. how many more cups does she need to add ?
sara's high school played 12 basketball games this year. the team won most of their games. they were defeated during 4 games. how many games did they win ?
there are 22 walnut trees currently in the park. park workers will plant more walnut trees today. when the workers are finished there will be 55 walnut trees in the park. how many walnut trees did the workers plant today ?
mike had 34 peaches left at his roadside fruit stand. he went to the orchard and picked more peaches to stock up the stand. there are now 86 peaches at the stand, how many did he pick ?
there were 6 roses in the vase. mary cut some more roses from her flower garden. there are now 16 roses in the vase. how many roses did she cut ?
benny bought a soft drink for 2 dollars and 5 candy bars. he spent a total of 27 dollars. how much did each candy bar cost ?
benny bought 4 new baseball trading cards to add to his collection. the next day his dog ate 0.5 of his collection. there are now only 34 cards left. how many cards did benny start with ?
alyssa spent half of her allowance going to the movies. she washed the family car and earned 8 dollars. what is her weekly allowance if she ended with 12 dollars ?
sam had 79 dollars to spend on 9 books. after buying them he had 16 dollars. how much did each book cost ?
oceanside bike rental shop charges 17 dollars plus 7 dollars an hour for renting a bike. tom paid 80 dollars to rent a bike. how many hours did he pay to have the bike checked out ?
on monday, 375 students went on a trip to the zoo. all 7 buses were filled and 4 students had to travel in cars. how many students were in each bus ?
sandy sold half of her comic books and then bought 6 more. she now has 13. how many did she begin with ?
joan went to 4 football games this year. she went to 9 games last year. how many football games did joan go to in all ?
tom has 9 yellow balloons sara has 8 yellow balloons. how many yellow balloons do they have in total ?
there are 4 walnut trees currently in the park. park workers will plant 6 more walnut trees today. how many walnut trees will the park have when the workers are finished ?
sam had 9 dimes in his bank. his dad gave him 7 more dimes. how many dimes does sam have now ?
alyssa's dog had puppies. she gave 7 to her friends.  she now has 5 puppies left. how many puppies did she have to start with ?
a restaurant served 9 pizzas during lunch and 6 during dinner today. how many pizzas were served today ?
there are 2 pencils in the drawer. tim placed 3 more pencils in the drawer. how many pencils are now there in total ?
joan found 6 seashells and jessica found 8 seashells on the beach. how many seashells did they find together ?
sandy grew 6 carrots. sam grew 3 carrots. how many carrots did they grow in total ?
benny picked 2 apples and dan picked 9 apples from the apple tree. how many apples were picked in total ?
sally found 9 seashells, tom found 7 seashells, and jessica found 5 seashells on the beach. how many seashells did they find together ?
tim's cat had kittens. he gave 3 to jessica and 6 to sara. he now has 9 kittens left. how many kittens did he have to start with ?
joan has 9 blue balloons, sally has 5 blue balloons, and jessica has  2 blue balloons. how many blue balloons do they have in total ?
melanie had 7 dimes in her bank. her dad gave her 8 dimes and her mother gave her 4 dimes. how many dimes does melanie have now ?
a restaurant served 5 cakes during lunch and 6 during dinner today. the restaurant served 3 cakes yesterday. how many cakes were served in total ?
melanie picked 4 plums, dan picked 9 plums, and sally picked 3 plums from the plum tree. how many plums were picked in total ?
there are 7 dogwood trees currently in the park. park workers will plant 3 more dogwood trees today and 2 more dogwood trees tomorrow. how many dogwood trees will the park have when the workers are finished ?
sara grew 4 onions, sally grew 5 onions, and fred grew  9 onions. how many onions did they grow in all ?
sam found 18 seashells and mary found 47 seashells on the beach. how many seashells did they find together ?
sara picked 45 pears and sally picked 11 pears from the pear tree. how many pears were picked in total ?
keith has 20 books. jason has 21 books.  how many books do they have together ?
jason had 49 quarters in his bank. his dad gave him 25 more quarters. how many quarters does he have now ?
there are 33 walnut trees currently in the park. park workers will plant  44 more walnut trees today. how many walnut trees will the park have when the workers are finished ?
sara had 21 quarters in her bank. her dad gave her 49 more quarters. how many quarters does she have now ?
there are 41 pencils in the drawer. mike placed 30 more  pencils in the drawer. how many pencils are now there in total ?
joan has 10 books. tom has 38 books.  how many books do they have together ?
joan has 40 blue balloons melanie has 41 blue balloons. how many blue balloons do they have in total ?
fred grew 38 cantelopes. tim grew 44 cantelopes. how many cantelopes did they grow in total ?
sam went to 14 football games this year. he went to 29 games  last year. how many football games did sam go to in all ?
mary found 18 seashells and jessica found 41 seashells on the beach. how many seashells did they find together ?
there are 39 dogwood trees currently in the park. park workers will plant  41 more dogwood trees today and 20 more dogwood trees tomorrow. how many dogwood trees will the park have when the workers are finished ?
sandy has 10 books, benny has 24 books, and tim has  33 books. how many books do they have together ?
jason picked 46 pears, keith picked 47 pears, and mike picked  12 pears from the pear tree. how many pears were picked in total ?
keith grew 29 cantelopes, fred grew 16 cantelopes, and jason grew  20 cantelopes. how many cantelopes did they grow in total ?
melanie had 19 dimes in her bank. her dad gave her 39 dimes and her mother gave her 25 dimes. how many dimes does melanie have now ?
alyssa has 37 blue balloons, sandy has 28 blue balloons, and sally  has 39 blue balloons. how many blue balloons do they have in all ?
sally had 27 cards. dan gave her 41 new cards. sally bought 20 cards. how many cards does sally have now ?
jason went to 11 football games this month. he went to 17 games last month, and plans to go to 16 games next month. how many games will he attend in all ?
there are 43 pencils in the drawer and 19 pencils on the desk. dan placed  16 more pencils on the desk. how many pencils are now there in total ?
mike has 35 books in his library. he bought several books at a yard sale over the weekend. he now has 56 books in his library. how many books did he buy at the yard sale ?
sandy is baking a cake. the recipe wants 7 cups of flour. she already put in 4 cups. how many more cups does she need to add ?
there are 53 maple trees currently in the park. park workers will plant more maple trees today. when the workers are finished there will be 64 maple trees in the park. how many maple trees did the workers plant today ?
dan found 56 seashells on the beach, he gave jessica some of his seashells. he has 22 seashell left. how many seashells did he give to jessica ?
sally had 13 peaches left at her roadside fruit stand. she went to the orchard and picked more peaches to stock up the stand. there are now 55 peaches at the stand, how many did she pick ?
benny received 67 dollars for his birthday. he went to a sporting goods store and bought a baseball glove, baseball, and bat. he had 33 dollars left over, how much did he spent on the baseball gear ?
there were 3 roses in the vase. alyssa cut some more roses from her flower garden. there are now 14 roses in the vase. how many roses did she cut ?
last week tom had 74 dollars. he washed cars over the weekend and now has 86 dollars. how much money did he make washing cars ?
there were 73 bales of hay in the barn. jason stacked more bales in the barn today. there are now 96 bales of hay in the barn. how many bales did he store in the barn ?
nancy grew 6 potatoes. sandy grew 7 potatoes. how many potatoes did they grow in total ?
there are 9 crayons in the drawer. benny placed 3 more crayons in the drawer. how many crayons are now there in total ?
there are 5 oak trees currently in the park. park workers will plant 4 more oak trees today. how many oak trees will the park have when the workers are finished ?
there were a total of 7 football games this year. melanie missed 4 of the games. how many football games did melanie go to in all ?
tom found 7 seashells but 4 were broken.  how many unbroken seashells did tom find ?
sally picked 7 lemons and mary picked 9 lemons from the lemon tree. how many lemons were picked in total ?
a restaurant served 6 cakes during lunch and 9 during dinner today. how many cakes were served today ?
joan has 8 orange balloons  but lost 2 of them. how many orange balloons does joan have now ?
fred had 7 dimes in his bank. his sister borrowed 3 of his dimes. how many dimes does fred have now ?
joan's cat had 8 kittens. she gave 2 to her friends.  how many kittens does she have now ?
there are 34 dogwood trees currently in the park. park workers will plant  49 more dogwood trees today. how many dogwood trees will the park have when the workers are finished ?
there are 27 pencils in the drawer. nancy placed 45 more  pencils in the drawer. how many pencils are now there in total ?
benny's high school played 39 baseball games this year. he attended  14 games. how many baseball games did benny miss ?
sam found 35 seashells on the beach, he gave joan 18 of the seashells. how many seashells does he now have ?
tim has 22 books. mike has 20 books.  how many books do they have together ?
mike has 87 baseball cards. sam bought 13 of mike's  baseball cards. how many baseball cards does mike have now ?
sandy grew 51 pumpkins. mike grew 23 pumpkins. how many pumpkins did they grow in total ?
tim has 44 books. sam has 52 books.  how many books do they have together ?
dan has 64 violet marbles, he gave mary 14 of the marbles. how many violet marbles does he now have ?
there are 25 popular trees currently in the park. park workers will plant  73 more popular trees today. how many popular trees will the park have when the workers are finished ?
there are 54 scissors in the drawer. keith placed 22 more  scissors in the drawer. how many scissors are now there in all ?
alyssa picked 42 pears and nancy picked 17 pears from the pear tree. how many pears were picked in all ?
sam had 98 pennies in his bank. he spent 93 of his pennies. how many pennies does he have now ?
joan found 79 seashells on the beach, she gave mike 63 of the seashells. how many seashells does she now have ?
melanie's high school played 64 soccer games this year. she attended  32 games. how many soccer games did melanie miss ?
sam has 110 books. joan has 102 books.  how many books do they have together ?
mary picked 122 oranges and jason picked 105 oranges from the orange tree. how many oranges were picked in total ?
sally had 760 quarters in her bank. she spent 418 of her quarters. how many quarters does she have now ?
fred's high school played 616 baseball games this year. he attended  147 games. how many baseball games did fred miss ?
melanie grew 139 turnips. benny grew 113 turnips. how many turnips did they grow in all ?
jason has 676 pokemon cards. alyssa bought 224 of jason's  pokemon cards. how many pokemon cards does jason have now ?
there are 107 walnut trees currently in the park. park workers will plant  104 more walnut trees today. how many walnut trees will the park have when the workers are finished ?
fred has 709 green balloons, he gave sandy 221 of the balloons. how many green balloons does he now have ?
there are 115 pencils in the drawer. sara placed 100 more  pencils in the drawer. how many pencils are now there in all ?
fred has 110 blue marbles. fred has 22 times more blue marbles than tim. how many blue marbles does tim have?
there are 390 students at a school. if each classroom holds 30 students, how many classrooms are needed at the school?
jason's shelves hold 45 books each. how many shelves will jason need if jason has 315 books?
nancy bought 615 crayons that came in packs of 15.  how many packs of crayons did nancy buy?
mary earns $46 cleaning a home. how many homes did she clean, if she made 276 dollars?
there were a total of 323 football games in the season. the season is played for 17 months. how many football games were played each month, if each month has the same number of games?
a teacher has 344 pieces of candy. if there are 43 students, and the candy is divided evenly, how many pieces will each student get?
jason has 3 pokemon cards. benny bought 2 of jason's  pokemon cards. how many pokemon cards does jason have now ?
mike has 8 orange marbles, he gave sam 4 of the marbles. how many orange marbles does he now have ?
joan had 5 dimes in her bank. she spent 2 of her dimes. how many dimes does she have now ?
there are 2 rose bushes currently in the park. park workers will plant 4 more rose bushes today. how many rose bushes will the park have when the workers are finished ?
sara picked 6 pears and tim picked 5 pears from the pear tree. how many pears were picked in total ?
sam grew 4 watermelons, but the rabbits ate 3 watermelons. how many watermelons does sam have left ?
there are 3 calories in a candy bar. how many calories are there in 5 candy bars ?
dan has 5 blue marbles. mary has 2 times more blue marbles than dan. how many blue marbles does mary have ?
jason had pokemon cards. he gave 9 to his friends. he now has 4 pokemon cards left. how many pokemon cards did he have to start with ?
mary had 7 nickels in her bank. her dad gave her 5 more nickels. how many nickels does mary have now ?
keith grew 6 turnips. alyssa grew 9 turnips. how many turnips did they grow in all ?
there are 4 children in the classroom, each student will get 2 pencils. how many pencils will the teacher have to give out ?
mary has 9 yellow marbles joan has 3 yellow marbles. how many yellow marbles do they have in all ?
there are 8 calories in a candy bar. how many calories are there in 3 candy bars ?
there are 960 students at a school. if each classroom holds 30 students, how many classrooms are needed at the school?
there were a total of 12 basketball games in the season. the season is played for 2 months. how many basketball games were played each month, if each month has the same number of games?
there are 1110 students at a school. if each classroom holds 30 students, how many classrooms are needed at the school?
sally grew 6 carrots. fred grew 4 carrots. how many carrots did they grow in all ?
benny has 6 blue marbles. keith has 5 times more blue marbles than benny. how many blue marbles does keith have ?
tom found 5 seashells on the beach. he gave jessica 2 of the seashells. how many seashells does he now have ?
fred has 5 baseball cards. melanie bought 3 of fred's  baseball cards. how many baseball cards does fred have now ?
there were a total of 10 soccer games in the season. the season is played for 5 months. how many soccer games were played each month, if each month has the same number of games?
benny worked 3 hours for 6 days. how many hours did he work in total ?
nancy has 7 black balloons. mary has 4 times more  black balloons than nancy. how many black balloons does mary have now ?
alyssa has 36 books. nancy has 7 times more books than  alyssa. how many books does nancy have ?
there were a total of 13 hockey games a month. the season is played for  14 months. how many hockey games are in the seasons ?
dan has 29 violet balloons. tim has 7 times more violet balloons than dan. how many violet balloons does tim have ?
there are 31 calories in a candy bar. how many calories are there in 11 candy bars ?
sally has 6 blue balloons. fred has 3 times more  blue balloons than sally. how many blue balloons does fred have now ?
mike worked 3 hours, each day, for 5 days. how many hours did he work in total ?
there were a total of 7 baseball games a month.  the season is played for 2 months. how many baseball games are in a season ?
mary had 8 potatoes in the garden. the rabbits ate 3 of the potatoes. how many potatoes does mary now have ?
there were a total of 6 soccer games this year. jessica missed 4 of the games. how many soccer games did jessica go to in all ?
there are 9 oak trees currently in the park. park workers had to cut down 2  oak trees that were damaged. how many oak trees will the park have when the workers are finished ?
jessica had 8 quarters in her bank. her sister borrowed 3 of her quarters. how many quarters does jessica have now ?
a restaurant made 9 hamburgers to serve during lunch. only 3 were  actually served. how many hamburgers were left over from lunch ?
there are 7 crayons in the drawer. mary took 3 crayons out of the drawer. how many crayons are there now ?
dan picked 9 limes and gave sara 4 of the limes.  how many limes does dan have now ?
dan found 7 seashells but 3 were broken.  how many unbroken seashells did dan find ?
joan has 9 blue balloons  but lost 2 of them. how many blue balloons does joan have now ?
joan picked 43 apples from the orchard, and gave 27 apples  to  melanie. how many apples does joan have now ?
alyssa's high school played 31 hockey games this year. she attended  13 games. how many hockey games did alyssa miss ?
tom has 30 violet balloons, he gave fred 16 of the balloons. how many violet balloons does he now have ?
fred has 40 baseball cards. keith bought 22 of fred's  baseball cards. how many baseball cards does fred have now ?
fred found 47 seashells on the beach, he gave jessica 25 of the seashells. how many seashells does he now have ?
sara grew 43 pumpkins, but the rabbits ate 23 pumpkins. how many pumpkins does sara have left ?
joan decided to sell all of her old books. she gathered up 33 books to sell. she sold 26 books in a yard sale. how many books does joan now have ?
Ellen went to a garage sale to buy chairs. Each chair cost 15 dollars. How much money did Ellen spend for the 12 chairs she bought?
Three-toed sloths have four legs. How many toes would 25 sloths have?
Albert has two snakes. The garden snake is 10 inches long. The boaconstrictor is 7 times longer than the garden snake. How long is the boaconstrictor?
Albert’s cabbage patch has 12 rows of cabbage. In each row, there are 15 heads of cabbage. How many heads of cabbage does Albert have in all?
Marie can bike at a speed of 12 miles an hour. How far can she bike in 31 hours?
Tammy drove 55 miles in one hour. At that rate, how far can she drive in 36 hours?
Jeff swims 20 laps every day. How many laps will he swim in six weeks?
Mary Beth could jump 42 times each minute. How many times could she jump in two hours?
Rob could run 7 miles in one hour. At that rate, how far could Rob run in one day?
It takes 4 apples to make 1 pie. How many apples does it take to make 504 pies?
Frank worked 8 hours on the first four days of the week. How many hours did he work in these four days?
Sue’s family went on vacation. Her mom drove the car at 60 mph. They camped at a campground after traveling for 5 hours. How far was the campground from their home?
Brett drove 55 miles every hour. How many miles would he drive in 8 hours?
A perfect score is 21 points. How many points would you have after three perfect games in a row?
Brian’s car gets 20 miles per gallon. On his last trip, he used 3 gallons of gas. How many miles did he travel on his last trip?
Bob’s car gets 10 kilometers per gallon. How far can he drive on 10 gallons of gas?
Each cup contains 8 ounces. How many ounces are in 33 cups?
A chocolate chip cookie recipe calls for 2 cups of chocolate chips. You want to make 23 recipes for a bake sale. How many cups of chocolate chips will be needed to make all the cookie recipes?
I have a pet golden retriever. Each year he gains 11 pounds. He is 8 years old. How many pounds does he weigh?
Mary’s car gets 20 miles per gallon of gas. How far can she drive on 14 gallons of gas?
I walked 2 miles in 1 hour for Relay for Life. If I maintained this pace for the 8 hours I walk, how many miles total will I walk?
I walk 1 mile every 15 minutes. I walked 3 miles. How many minutes did it take me to walk 3 miles?
There are 365 days in one year. How many days are in 12 years?
Lansing has 25 elementary schools. There are 247 students in each school. How many elementary students are there altogether in Lansing?
One pencil weighs 28.3 grams. How much do 5 pencils weigh?
Andrew spent three day working on his Science report. He worked for 2.5 hours each day. How many hours did he work?
Robin has 3 packages of gum. There are 18 pieces in each package. How many pieces of gum does Robin have?
Arthur baked 115 muffins. James baked 12 times as many. How many muffins did James bake?
Joan went to 4 football games this year. She went to 9 games last year. How many football games did Joan go to in all ?
Tom has 9 yellow balloons Sara has 8 yellow balloons. How many yellow balloons do they have in total ?
There are 4 walnut trees currently in the park. Park workers will plant 6 more walnut trees today. How many walnut trees will the park have when the workers are finished ?
Sam had 9 dimes in his bank. His dad gave him 7 more dimes. How many dimes does Sam have now ?
A restaurant served 9 pizzas during lunch and 6 during dinner today. How many pizzas were served today ?
There are 2 pencils in the drawer. Tim placed 3 more pencils in the drawer. How many pencils are now there in total ?
Joan found 6 seashells and Jessica found 8 seashells on the beach. How many seashells did they find together ?
Sandy grew 6 carrots. Sam grew 3 carrots. How many carrots did they grow in total ?
Benny picked 2 apples and Dan picked 9 apples from the apple tree. How many apples were picked in total ?
Sam found 18 seashells and Mary found 47 seashells on the beach. How many seashells did they find together ?
Sara picked 45 pears and Sally picked 11 pears from the pear tree. How many pears were picked in total ?
Keith has 20 books. Jason has 21 books.  How many books do they have together ?
Jason had 49 quarters in his bank. His dad gave him 25 more quarters. How many quarters does he have now ?
Joan picked 37 oranges and Sara picked 10 oranges. How many oranges were picked in total ?
Fred went to 36 basketball games this year. He went to  11 games last year. How many basketball games did Fred go to in total ?
There are 33 pencils in the drawer. Joan placed  27 more pencils in the drawer. How many pencils are now there in total ?
Anna starts with 5 candies. She gets 86 more from Larry. How many candies does Anna end with?
If there are 4 crayons in a box and Harold puts 15 more crayons inside, how many crayons are in the box?
Martha has 2 peanuts. Joyce has 26 peanuts. If Joyce gives all of her peanuts to Martha, how many peanuts will Martha have?
Kevin starts with 7 cards. He finds another 47. How many cards does Kevin end with?
Nicholas starts with 8 bottle caps. He gets 85 more from Catherine. How many bottle caps does Nicholas end with?
Janet has 57 apples. She finds another 95. How many apples does Janet have in all?
Nancy starts with 91 bottle caps. She finds another 88. How many bottle caps does Nancy end with?
There are 4 oranges. 73 oranges more are added. How many are there total?
Dan grew 42 turnips and 38 cantelopes. Jessica grew  47 turnips. How many turnips did they grow in total ?
There are 33 walnut trees currently in the park. Park workers will plant  44 more walnut trees today. How many walnut trees will the park have when the workers are finished ?
Sara had 21 quarters in her bank. Her dad gave her 49 more quarters. How many quarters does she have now ?
There are 41 pencils in the drawer. Mike placed 30 more  pencils in the drawer. How many pencils are now there in total ?
Joan has 10 books. Tom has 38 books.  How many books do they have together ?
Joan has 40 blue balloons Melanie has 41 blue balloons. How many blue balloons do they have in total ?
Fred grew 38 cantelopes. Tim grew 44 cantelopes. How many cantelopes did they grow in total ?
Sam went to 14 football games this year. He went to 29 games  last year. How many football games did Sam go to in all ?
Mary found 18 seashells and Jessica found 41 seashells on the beach. How many seashells did they find together ?
Denise removes 5 bananas from a jar. There were originally 46 bananas in the jar. How many bananas are left in the jar?
Joyce starts with 75 apples. She gives 52 to Larry. How many apples does Joyce end with?
Anne weighs 67 pounds. Douglas weighs 52 pounds. How much heavier is Anne than Douglas?
Carlos starts with 39 bananas. 3 are eaten by a hippopotamus. How many bananas does Carlos end with?
Patricia starts with 76 candies. Albert takes 5 away. How many candies does Patricia end with?
There are 13 oranges in a box. Victor takes 3 oranges. How many are left?
Ruby has 63 apples. Emily takes 55 away. How many apples will Ruby have?
Ellen had 2,080 Legos, but she lost 17 Legos. How many Legos does she have now?
Meredith picked 347 apples. Phil ate 198 of the apples. How many apples are left?
Beka flew 873 miles to visit her aunt. Jackson flew 563 miles to visit his aunt. How many more miles did Beka fly than Jackson?
Mrs. Hilt looked at her car's odometer before a trip. The odometer showed that she had traveled 212.3 miles. When she stopped for lunch, the odometer read 372.0. How many miles had she traveled?
Hilt read that North America covered an area of 9,365,290 square miles and Europe covered 3,837,082 square miles. How much bigger is North America than Europe?
Mary is baking a cake. The recipe wants 8 cups of flour. She already put in 2 cups. How many more cups does she need to add ?
Tom found 7 seashells, but 4 seashells were broken.  How many unbroken seashells did Tom find ?
Joan has 8 orange balloons, but lost 2 of them. How many orange balloons does Joan have now ?
Fred had 7 dimes in his bank. His sister borrowed 3 of his dimes. How many dimes does Fred have now ?
Joan's cat had 8 kittens. She gave 2 to her friends.  How many kittens does she have now ?
Benny's high school played 39 baseball games this year. He attended  14 games. How many baseball games did Benny miss ?
Sam found 35 seashells on the beach, he gave Joan 18 of the seashells. How many seashells does he now have ?
Mike has 87 baseball cards. Sam bought 13 of Mike's  baseball cards. How many baseball cards does Mike have now ?
Dan has 64 violet marbles, he gave Mary 14 of the marbles. How many violet marbles does he now have ?
Sam had 98 pennies in his bank. He spent 93 of his pennies. How many pennies does he have now ?
Joan found 79 seashells on the beach, she gave Mike 63 of the seashells. How many seashells does she now have ?
Melanie's high school played 64 soccer games this year. She attended  32 games. How many soccer games did Melanie miss ?
Sally had 760 quarters in her bank. She spent 418 of her quarters. How many quarters does she have now ?
Fred's high school played 616 baseball games this year. He attended  147 games. How many baseball games did Fred miss ?
Jason has 676 Pokemon cards. Alyssa bought 224 of Jason's  Pokemon cards. How many Pokemon cards does Jason have now ?
Fred has 709 green balloons, he gave Sandy 221 of the balloons. How many green balloons does he now have ?
Jason has 3 Pokemon cards. Benny bought 2 of Jason's  Pokemon cards. How many Pokemon cards does Jason have now ?
Mike has 8 orange marbles, he gave Sam 4 of the marbles. How many orange marbles does he now have ?
Joan had 5 dimes in her bank. She spent 2 of her dimes. How many dimes does she have now ?
Sam grew 4 watermelons, but the rabbits ate 3 watermelons. How many watermelons does Sam have left ?
Tom found 5 seashells on the beach. he gave Jessica 2 of the seashells. How many seashells does he now have ?
Fred has 5 baseball cards. Melanie bought 3 of Fred's  baseball cards. How many baseball cards does Fred have now ?
here are 9 oak trees currently in the park. Park workers had to cut down 2  oak trees that were damaged. How many oak trees will the park have when the workers are finished ?
Jessica had 8 quarters in her bank. Her sister borrowed 3 of her quarters. How many quarters does Jessica have now ?
A restaurant made 9 hamburgers to serve during lunch. Only 3 were  actually served. How many hamburgers were left over from lunch ?
There are 7 crayons in the drawer. Mary took 3 crayons out of the drawer. How many crayons are there now ?
Dan picked 9 limes and gave Sara 4 of the limes.  How many limes does Dan have now ?
Dan found 7 seashells, but 3 were broken.  How many unbroken seashells did Dan find ?
Joan has 9 blue balloons  but lost 2 of them. How many blue balloons does Joan have now ?
Joan picked 43 apples from the orchard, and gave 27 apples  to  Melanie. How many apples does Joan have now ?
Alyssa's high school played 31 hockey games this year. She attended  13 games. How many hockey games did Alyssa miss ?
Tom has 30 violet balloons, he gave Fred 16 of the balloons. How many violet balloons does he now have ?
Fred has 40 baseball cards. Keith bought 22 of Fred's  baseball cards. How many baseball cards does Fred have now ?
Fred found 47 seashells on the beach, he gave Jessica 25 of the seashells. How many seashells does he now have ?
Sara grew 43 pumpkins, but the rabbits ate 23 pumpkins. How many pumpkins does Sara have left ?
Joan decided to sell all of her old books. She gathered up 33 books to sell. She sold 26 books in a yard sale. How many books does Joan now have ?
There are 46 rulers in the drawer. Tim took 25  rulers from the drawer. How many rulers are now in the drawer ?
There are 33 oak trees currently in the park. Park workers had to cut down  18 oak trees that were damaged. How many oak trees will be in the park when the workers are finished ?
First museum she went to was the Metropolitan museum in New York. She donated 46 medieval art pieces from the 70 she originally has. How many medieval art pieces were left with her?
The next museum on her list is the Guggenheim in New York as well. There she gave 51 sets of Egyptian mask from her collection of 90. How many sets of masks were left in Alicia’s collection?
After New York, she decided to visit the Smithsonian in Washington DC. If she has 63 miniature aircrafts and she gave away 49 to the National Air and Space Museum, how many are left with her?
You have 24 cookies and want to share them equally with 6 people. How many cookies would each person get?
You are reading a book with 120 pages. If you want to read the same number of pages each night, how many would you have to read each night to finish in 10 days?
A cereal box holds 18 cups of cereal. Each serving is 2 cups. How many servings are in the whole box?
A box of books weighs 42 pounds. Each book weights 3 pounds. How many books are there in the box?
Sue's mother made 75 cookies. She put the cookies in bags, with 3 cookies in each bag. How many bags could she fill up?
An airplane hangar is 300 feet long. How many planes can fit into it, end to end, if each plane is 40 feet long?
It takes 3 eggs to make a cake. How many cakes can you make with 37 eggs?
105 people are going to a movie. 6 people can ride in each car. How many cars are needed to get all 105 people to the movie?
89 cookies are being shared equally among 4 people. How many does each person get? 
Deborah is running a marathon. She can run 4 miles in an hour. How long will it take her to run 26 miles?
256 students are going to the zoo. They have to be divided into groups so that each teacher has one group. There are 8 teachers. How many students will be in each group?
A fruit farm packs oranges in boxes that hold 10 each. One day it packs 2650 oranges. How many boxes did they use?
Julia has been collecting pennies since she was 3 years old. She used a machine at the bank to count her pennies. She had 4,380 pennies. How many dimes would that be?
You want to give your baseball cards to your 5 best friends. You have 455 baseball cards. How many would each get, if you share them equally?
Mike has 45 dollars in five dollar bills.  How many five dollars bills does  he have ?
Nancy goes fishing with Joan. They catch 18 trout.  If they equally split up the trout, how may will each one get ?
A restaurant sold 63 hamburgers last week. How many hamburgers on average were sold each day ?
Dan was at the beach for five days and found 36 seashells. He plans to give all of his seashells equally to his four friends. How many seashells will each friend get ?
Sandy worked 45 hours in the last five days. Assuming that she worked the same amount of hours each day, how long did she work each day ?
There were a total of 27 soccer games during the three month season.  If the games are equally divided, how many soccer games are played a month ?
Fred has 90 cents in his bank.  How many dimes does Fred have ?
There are 390 students at a school. If each classroom holds 30 students, how many classrooms are needed at the school?
Mike has 96 muffins, which he needs to box up into dozens. How many boxes does he need?
Nancy bought 615 crayons that came in packs of 15.  How many packs of crayons did Nancy buy?
A teacher has 344 pieces of candy. If there are 43 students, and the candy is divided evenly, How many pieces will each student get?
She counted her crayons and found out that she has 80 crayons which she will place in crayon boxes. Every crayon box can contain 8 crayons. How many crayon boxes does she need?
Beside the pile of clean white paper was a stack of 700 sheets of used paper. She wants to place it in boxes for recycling. If every box can contain 100 sheets, how many boxes does she need?
Lexie's younger brother helped pick up all the paper clips in Lexie's room. He was able to collect 81 paper clips. If he wants to distribute the paper clips in 9 boxes, how many paper clips will each box contain?
Nine of her closest friends like stickers. If she plans to give all of them an equal number of stickers, how many will each receive if she has 72 stickers?
When relatives visit Haley and her family, she and her cousins do origami. If she has 48 origami papers to give away to her six cousins, how many will each receive if she gives everyone the same number of origami papers?
Haley has 63 magazines in her cabinet. She plans to send it to the recycling office in their area. If she places it in boxes which can contain 9 magazines, how many boxes will she use?
