joan found 70 seashells on the beach. she gave sam some of her seashells. she has 27 seashell left. how many seashells did she give to sam ?
sam had 79 dollars to spend on 9 books. after buying them he had 16 dollars. how much did each book cost ?
there are 2 pencils in the drawer. tim placed 3 more pencils in the drawer. how many pencils are now there in total ?
there are 7 dogwood trees currently in the park. park workers will plant 3 more dogwood trees today and 2 more dogwood trees tomorrow. how many dogwood trees will the park have when the workers are finished ?
joan has 40 blue balloons melanie has 41 blue balloons. how many blue balloons do they have in total ?
sally had 27 cards. dan gave her 41 new cards. sally bought 20 cards. how many cards does sally have now ?
last week tom had 74 dollars. he washed cars over the weekend and now has 86 dollars. how much money did he make washing cars ?
fred had 7 dimes in his bank. his sister borrowed 3 of his dimes. how many dimes does fred have now ?
dan has 64 violet marbles, he gave mary 14 of the marbles. how many violet marbles does he now have ?
fred's high school played 616 baseball games this year. he attended  147 games. how many baseball games did fred miss ?
mary earns $46 cleaning a home. how many homes did she clean, if she made 276 dollars?
dan has 5 blue marbles. mary has 2 times more blue marbles than dan. how many blue marbles does mary have ?
sally grew 6 carrots. fred grew 4 carrots. how many carrots did they grow in all ?
there are 31 calories in a candy bar. how many calories are there in 11 candy bars ?
dan picked 9 limes and gave sara 4 of the limes.  how many limes does dan have now ?
Ellen went to a garage sale to buy chairs. Each chair cost 15 dollars. How much money did Ellen spend for the 12 chairs she bought?
Frank worked 8 hours on the first four days of the week. How many hours did he work in these four days?
I walked 2 miles in 1 hour for Relay for Life. If I maintained this pace for the 8 hours I walk, how many miles total will I walk?
There are 4 walnut trees currently in the park. Park workers will plant 6 more walnut trees today. How many walnut trees will the park have when the workers are finished ?
Jason had 49 quarters in his bank. His dad gave him 25 more quarters. How many quarters does he have now ?
Nancy starts with 91 bottle caps. She finds another 88. How many bottle caps does Nancy end with?
Mary found 18 seashells and Jessica found 41 seashells on the beach. How many seashells did they find together ?
Beka flew 873 miles to visit her aunt. Jackson flew 563 miles to visit his aunt. How many more miles did Beka fly than Jackson?
Mike has 87 baseball cards. Sam bought 13 of Mike's  baseball cards. How many baseball cards does Mike have now ?
Mike has 8 orange marbles, he gave Sam 4 of the marbles. How many orange marbles does he now have ?
Dan found 7 seashells, but 3 were broken.  How many unbroken seashells did Dan find ?
There are 33 oak trees currently in the park. Park workers had to cut down  18 oak trees that were damaged. How many oak trees will be in the park when the workers are finished ?
It takes 3 eggs to make a cake. How many cakes can you make with 37 eggs?
A restaurant sold 63 hamburgers last week. How many hamburgers on average were sold each day ?
Beside the pile of clean white paper was a stack of 700 sheets of used paper. She wants to place it in boxes for recycling. If every box can contain 100 sheets, how many boxes does she need?
